Here are the ideas from our group which made it to this point.

Our First Option = Preferred Option

Street Sync.

We introduce you to a revolutionary neighborhood watch application that will unite citizens of neighborhoods throughout the country. Street sync sets up individual neighborhoods as separate groups as an emergency response system for that neighborhood. It is a communication tool for citizens interested in the safety and security of their neighborhood. Messages can be sent through email, SMS or a voice message to a home phone. This includes neighbors communicating general needs and concerns as a discussion that may not be critical to the safety of the neighborhood. 

Main features and content included are alerts for break ins, earthquakes, fires and other emergency related items. Additional features include live video feed from a neighborhood camera, garage sales and information on neighbors having special needs such as medical problems. Ancillary to this would be a neighborhood calendar of events, discussion board and an announcement board. At the time of an emergency or upon noticing suscpicious activity an individual can initiate an alert message to be sent to the group through the application. Then, after the issue is resolved or called off, a follow up message would be sent. 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

Hotel Supervisor or Hotel Governor

Superior management requires superior technology. This applications stands as superior management technology which allows you to manage the many rooms, upgrades, orders, entertainment, dining and other benefits and luxuries that your hotel, motel or resort has to offer. It includes modules that allow orders of supplies and other management pieces. It begins with the simplest of hotel needs, the management of room available. Which includes an inventory of rooms and a scheduling calendar. Additional functions include the ability to schedule housekeeping, accept online reservations and calculate charges.
